tidb-binlog: update kafka-max-message-size configuration (#7201)
pingcap/docs: tidb-binlog/deploy-tidb-binlog.md

        # zookeeper-addrs = "127.0.0.1:2181"
        # kafka-addrs = "127.0.0.1:9092"
        # kafka-version = "0.8.2.0"

>         # The maximum number of messages (number of binlogs) in a broker request. If it is left blank or a value smaller than 0 is configured, the default value 1024 is used.

Reviewer: not sure
```suggestion
        # The maximum number of messages (number of binlogs) in a broker request. If it is left blank or a value less than 0 is configured, the default value 1024 will be used.
```

Author: > not sure

Thanks for your suggestion. 
1. Both 'smaller than' and 'less than' are correct here.
2. In technical documents, we seldom use the future tense. In 'if' clauses, if the meaning is clear, we also prefer the present tense.

        # kafka-max-messages = 1024
        # The maximum size of a broker request (unit: byte). The default value is 1 GiB and the maximum value is 2 GiB.

>         # kafka-max-message-size = 1073741824

Reviewer 2: 可以加句话解释一下 1073741824 byte 是多少 GB

Author: 刚跟 chunzhu 交流了，用户应该知道 1073741824 byte 是1 GB，这里就不额外解释了。
